♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] At long last, the
Straw Hat Pirates have reached
the waters of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
Their first stop is Punk Hazard,
an island divided into
freezing and burning halves.
There, they soon discover
the twisted motives
behind the ruler of the island,
the mad scientist Caesar Clown.
Along with their pirate ally,
the Warlord Trafalgar Law,
the Straw Hats have
three objectives:
successfully kidnap Caesar,
save the children test subjects,
and find a way to
escape from Punk Hazard
before the lab
collapses on them!
However...
[MONET]
Farewell, Young Master.
Though I won't
be around to see it,
I know you'll become...
...the King of the Pirates.
Adios, Smoker! See you in hell!
[CAESAR CLOWN cackling]
What happened? Monet?
I'm sorry... Master...
[BABY 5]
Weapon-morphosis! Revolver Girl!
[FRANKY]
Ha! That tickles!
[BABY 5 groans]
[FRANKY] Huh. I take it
you didn't like my song.
Nice! Just a little more to go!
Move faster!
[DOFLAMINGO]
But other than that,
the two of you are still safe?
So the island and everyone on it
hasn't gone up in
a massive explosion.
[DOFLAMINGO]
All right, it's settled.
For now, I want you two
to take care of that guard.
I'll be there shortly.
[LUFFY] "Capture Caesar!
General Cannon Blasts!"
[gunshots]
There we go.
That ought'a take care of
that rust bucket. Huh?
[FRANKY]
I am an Invincible Iron Pirate!
Super!
Ugh! After an attack like that,
even a Pacifista
would be busted up!
Who's this bastard think he is?
And why won't he just
get out of our way?
[FRANKY] 'Cause you guys are
tryin' to steal my cola!
Cola? He's outta his mind!
[FRANKY] Cola is my
primary energy source!
Who gives a damn?
I know I don't!
[FRANKY] Somethin'
the matter, Weapon Woman?
Aren't you gonna
transform some more?
Heavy artillery was
a good look for you.
Well, then you're
gonna love this!
Weapon-morphosis!
Flying Disc Girl!
Make his head spin!
[FRANKY]
That the best you can do?
[BABY 5]
Weapon-morphosis!
[FRANKY]
Oh? Whatta you got this time?
[BABY 5]
Fire Girl!
[FRANKY gasps]
Too hot? Here, how 'bout
I fan the flames?
[FRANKY] Ow! Ouch!
Ouch! Ouch! Ow, ow, ow!
Hot, hot, hot! [screams]
We'll melt you down to scrap!
No enemy, however strong,
is immune from
the burning passion of
Fire Girl's "flame of love."
[FRANKY]
Except Franky!
General A-okay!
What?!
No! No way!
[FRANKY]
Bring it on!
I'm ready for more,
Fan Man and Weapon Woman!
[ALL screaming]
[BOY D]
The tunnel's gonna collapse!
[PIKE] Stop trying to jinx us
before we get outside!
Even if we do, there's still
the gas to deal with!
Hey, girl. Can you
seriously conjure up wind?
We're gonna die, aren't we?
[SANJI]
Shut up!
If you doubt Nami,
I got one thing to say!
Get off! Right now!
Well? Anyone?
Maybe you?
Bro. Chill out.
[ALL gasp]
We know you got this.
Besides, you're pretty much
our only hope at this point!
We'll make it!
[whines] Any fresh ideas?
He's one tough customer.
Nothing's even
slowed him down yet!
[FRANKY] Beg if you please,
but you can't have my cola.
Idiot! I told you we don't
care about your damn cola!
It must be a diversion tactic!
This guy's trying
to keep us here!
Hey, Baby. You thinkin'
what I'm thinkin'?
We serve him up
something special
that no one's ever
been able to block.
[FRANKY]
Try your best, it won't matter.
Super-nothing-will-work!
We'll chop ya up!
Down to nuts and bolts!
[BABY 5]
Now. Weapon-morphosis!
[FRANKY]
Huh?
[BUFFALO] Behold,
the spinning weapon of death!
[FRANKY]
Huh?
Sickle Girl! Go!
[BABY 5 grunts]
[FRANKY gasps]
[BUFFALO chuckles]
[FRANKY]
Okay, I'll give you props.
It's not every day
someone's got enough power
to punch a hole through
the General Body.
But I gotta say,
what're you trying to do,
it's like a praying mantis
looking to sink a battleship.
[BABY 5 gasps]
[FRANKY]
You're in for a treat.
The Thousand Sunny will
conquer the whole sea one day!
But in the meantime,
I'm gonna give you a taste of
its ultimate secret weapon.
Don't tell anybody else though,
'cause it's secret!
[BABY 5 gasps]
[BUFFALO gasps]
[FRANKY] The land-based...
Portable Gaon Cannon!
[FRANKY]
The working title is...
...General Cannon!
[BUFFALO] Still don't know
who this guy is!
[BABY 5]
Or why he's so hell-bent on
keeping us from
retrieving Caesar!
[ALL gasp]
[GIRL A]
Hold on, mister!
Grab on to my hand! Hurry!
[FRANKY]
Huh?
[FRANKY] Who's that
passed out down there?
Looks like Caesar.
[FRANKY] Wonder how he
got all the way out here.
[BUFFALO] It don't matter
who's paying you.
We're not gonna get our
asses kicked that easily.
Well, well. Still standing, huh?
Gotta admit you're
tough. For real.
If you think we're just your
garden-variety hooligans, pal,
you're gonna get
a rude awakening!
We swear, by the name of Joker.
We are taking Caesar!
Ya hear me?
You won't stop us!
[FRANKY] Ah. So your
plan is finally revealed.
You guys are trying to
escape with Caesar!
[ALL gasp]
[BOY A]
Faster, train! Go faster!
[LUFFY]
I see a light up ahead!
Really? Then we're gonna
make it after all! Huh?
[MARINE L]
That poison gas is blocking
our only exit outta the tunnel!
[MARINE M]
Wh-What do we do?
Figures. So should
I just cut it, or?
Hold on tight.
We're gonna have to push
straight through this stuff.
[CHILDREN] Big sis!
You'll save us! Won't you?
[CHILDREN]
Please!
[SYND]
Don't leave us behind!
We need you to help
us get outta here!
Please, you're our only
hope of getting home!
But there's no way that I can
turn my back on these children!
Not when we are their
only hope of getting help!
[NAMI] I made a promise and
I'm keeping it no matter what!
[USOPP]
Here it comes!
Now, let's try my
Sorcery Clima-Takt!
Gust Sword! Blow!
We're getting out!
Keep the wind going, Nami! More!
It's gonna be a world
of poison outside!
[BABY 5] I'll accomplish the
mission Joker tasked us with
at any price!
But I'm still killing him
when I get back.
You made us mad!
Now there ain't nothing
that's gonna stop us!
[ALL cheering]
[LUFFY]
We made it!
[BABY 5]
Huh?
[BUFFALO]
[ALL cheering]
[LUFFY laughing]
[ALL]
Yeah!
What gives? Where's the gas?
[FRANKY]
So you finally showed up.
I was getting tired of waiting.
[gasps]
[LUFFY]
You seein' what I'm seein'?
[CHOPPER screams]
[USOPP]
The General's so cool!
[ALL]
What?
[FRANKY]
Aww! Super!
It's a robot!
Like a big toy!
Wow! Amazing!
Truly the stuff of dreams!
Right?
[LAW]
Hm?
Buffalo! Baby 5!
What're you doing here?
Us? And what d'you
think you're doing
helping the Straw Hats
and kids escape?
'Cuz Law's turned traitor!
Joker saved the
heart seat for you,
and you go and betray him!
Wait, are they your
friends or something?
Negative. They're my enemies!
[BUFFALO] All of the Straw Hats
and the Navy G-5 against us?
Those are losing odds!
We gotta split!
Wait! Baby 5! What's going on?
Why are you here?
Saving you! We're taking
you to the Young Master!
They grabbed Caesar
and made a run for it!
You know what that means!
It's a sniper's job
to take 'em down!
[LAW]
Those bastards!
Hold up, Law!
Usopp said he's got a handle
on the situation, didn't he?
A first class sniper.
Don't underestimate him.
Even if his schnoz is giant.
The last part wasn't
necessary, Zoro!
You're crazy! What if he misses?
If Caesar escapes,
this whole plan is ruined!
[NAMI]
Are we an alliance or aren't we?
If we're gonna work together,
how about showing
a little trust?
[ZORO]
Hm? What alliance? Hang on!
Don't think so.
I'm done waiting.
I want on the offense!
Think you got away?
Think again, cowards!
You're all going down!
That's right!
'Specially when they're wounded
and their backs're to us!
Too easy!
Yeah. Any day.
First, you need a
little water. [chuckles]
Now, work your magic!
It's time to grow!
Black Kabuto and Chomp-Grass!
Eat up! You're gonna need it!
[BABY 5] It looks like
they're about to attack!
Be careful, Buffalo!
Leave the flyin' to me!
While I'm busy,
you keep the skies clear.
We got a mission to complete!
[BABY 5]
What? Roger that!
My, you really
need me, don't you?
Then I'll be there.
I'll protect you with my life!
Go high! Weather egg!
Something just flew overhead!
Time to hatch. Little Bolt!
A thunderstorm?
[BABY 5]
Buffalo! We gotta go!
[BUFFALO]
I'm trying! I'm trying!
Oh no. Not so fast!
[BUFFALO gasps]
Meteorology Attack!
Thunder Breed...
[BABY 5 screams]
No way!
[NAMI]
...Tempo!
[BUFFALO, BABY 5 scream]
Say somethin', Baby!
Damn it! She's out cold!
Time to wrap this up!
Do it, Chomp Grass!
Special Attack...
Meteor Storm Assault!
[USOPP]
Fire!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Buffalo! I can't move!
Or fly for that matter!
Please, you gotta protect me!
I always perform my duty.
I'm part of the
Don Quixote family!
The mission above all else!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Thanks, idiot!
Ya good-for-nothin'!
Go on! Try it! I'm gas!
You can't hit me!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Gotta make it to Dressrosa!
With or without
Buffalo and Baby 5!
[USOPP]
Nope. Afraid not.
That last shot...
No! What is this? [screams]
[USOPP] ...was Sea
Prism Stone handcuffs!
[CAESAR CLOWN groans]
[USOPP]
And that is how it's done!
[ALL cheer]
[BOTH]
Yeah! In your face, Caesar!
Heh.
When the enemy turns
their back, I'm there.
When the enemy--
Yeah. We get it.
Fine. Looks like the initial
phase is accomplished.
Told ya. Pretty strong,
aren't they?
[DOFLAMINGO]
All right, brats.
See you soon!
[AOKIJI sighs]
[AOKIJI groans]
Looks like I overslept.
No big deal.
Now then.
Which way's Punk Hazard?
[NARRATOR] After a fierce
battle, the Straw Hats finally
claim victory and capture
the mad scientist Caesar.
However, just as the survivors
are licking their wounds
and preparing to set sail
far from Punk Hazard,
something unexpected
happens to Kin'emon,
a victim of the
Land of the Dead.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Touching Reunion!
Momonosuke and Kin'emon!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!